Invoicing
==========
The invoicing system for the sales app is comprised of a set of complex 
templates. For that reason, this file contains a short description of the 
various files used, and how they interact.

Basic Idea
----------
The flow of this template set is as follows

1) First, the invoices are gathered. An example of gathering the invoices is 
   shown in `CxProjects4Invoices.html`, which gathers the invoices as based on
   the currently selected projects.
2) Then (optionally) the projects are checked: if there are any invalid 
   invoices, a different template is called which shows those errors. This exits
   the rest of the flow
3) If there are no warnings and / or errors, the invoices are parsed into 
   JavaScript invoices. The definition of an `Invoice` object is given in the 
   file `Invoice.js`. `CxProjects2JSONInvoice.js` is a template which writes the 
   selected invoices (as based on projects) to a JSON structure using CxScript.
   This generates the `Invoices`.
4) The generated invoices are parsed into HTML through a template. The default 
   template for this parsing is `invoice.html`. This template is used regardless
   of the method through which the invoices are gathered: it is based upon the
   JavaScript objects that were generated in the previous step. This means that
   changing the look of an invoice can occur regardless of where it comes from,
   and is immediately available for all invoice systems
5) Similarly to step 4, the content of emails is generated. In fact, by default,
   the HTML content is used as a attachment to the mail generated. The email's
   content itself is generated separately (through `email.html`), with all the
   advantages thereof.
6) The export is generated by yet another file, which is purely JavaScript.
7) At this point, the user can choose between sending a mail (using JavaScript),
   downloading the invoice in PDF format or sending all emails. This is handled
   through `mail.js` and is, once again, completely independent on methods of 
   retrieving the invoices and their respective mail and html templates. 
   
Due to all this, creating different invoice sources (invoicelines vs projects)
doesn't impact the view of those invoices, nor does it impact the way they are
sent to the user. The same goes for any of the other steps. This should greatly
simplify maintenance.

Controllers
-----------
These files are basically the bridges between various formats
- *CxProjects4Invoices.html* selects the required invoices using CxScript
- *CxProjects2JSONInvoices.js* transforms the invoices selected using earlier 
  into JavaScript Invoice objects (see Models)
- *template.js* is a jQuery wrapper around John Resig's microtemplating engine  

Models
------
The models folder contains extensions to JavaScript and/or jQuery that are 
usefull somewhere in the templates.
- *CxSystem.js* is included as a parsed template, that is, will be run through
  the CxScript parser. It creates a CxUser object, which can be easily 
  referenced for the purpose of obtaining session based information such as 
  userID, the appname and the xmlPassword.
- *Invoice.js* defines an Invoice object, which basically extends a simple 
  javascript model with methods to calculate Subtotal, VAT-amount and Total 
  amount for the invoice.
- *jsObjectExtensions.js* extends the JavaScript Date and String object's 
  prototype. The Date object gains getTranslatedMonthName, previousMonth, 
  nextMonth and various predefined print formats. String gains base64encode and
  base64decode (both multibyte safe) functionality.
- *jquery.actual.min.js* is a (fairly default) jquery plugin which allows for
  determining the actual size of a container, instead of the current size. The
  difference is in that when retrieving the height of a hidden object, jQuery
  always returns 0, while actual will return the height as if it were visible.
  
Pages
-----
If this were an MVC build application, pages would be the views. They contain
all information about how a certain parts should look like. They come in three
types
  
### js
These are the pages that are available from the overview menu. They contain 
the JavaScript to show additional information as well as callbacks for creating
mails, downloading PDF's and updating invoice numbers, among others.
- *invoices.js* creates all invoices by calling the invoice.html template 
- *export.js* handles the creation of a textarea containing the .tsv file for
  the created invoices 
- *mail.js* creates a table containing a row per invoice, from where the 
  invoice can be downloaded as PDF and/or mailed to the relevant carerix user.
  Sending all invoices in bulk is also available.

### html
The HTML pages contain actual templates, either for use as CxScript, or 
through the use of John Resig's micro templating language.
- *controle.html* is a CxScript template which shows all invoices that should
  be created and displays them split into 3 categories: fine, warning and 
  error.
- *invoice.html* is a JavaScript template for how each invoice should look. It
  is also used as attachment to the mail that will be send.
- *mail.html* is similar to invoice.html in that it contains the content of the
  mail.

### css
No real explanation needed here, I hope.